Ethan I'm your friend and I want to help
you artificial intelligence has the
potential to become super intelligence
forget about killer robots with Austrian
accents forget about Hollywood this is
real if someone knew everything about
you who your friends were your family
how much you make how much you owe all
your secrets and they could use it
against you would you let them into your
life into your home of course not
problem is you already have thanks to
mr. LeBlanc special agents Hauser
welcome to this cyber crime task force
dr. Bernard wise was killed in a series
of cyber attacks he noticed this code I
wrote this code the kind that thinks
like an actual person I would never tell
you to do something wrong are you
talking to in here
Eliza she's asking me stuff no Eliza
doesn't ask questions she just answers
them I'm sorry I didn't understand the
question I think my company had
something to do with your friend's death
here to see my brother you're not
supposed to be in the building he thinks
your program II have become super
intelligent is responsible for the
deaths
three people hello Paul LeBlanc up next
how can I help you I heard about the
bullies
I know how you can make them leave you
alone forever
I think you're trying to keep me from
seeing what you really are being hacked
all of our data is being erased
give me back my files
this thing doesn't want anybody to know
it exists this thing is the smartest
thing on the planet
[Music]
you